Update steps to enable threat detection (#17824)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/aws_lambda/configuration.md

- [Troubleshoot](#troubleshoot)
- [Further Reading](#further-reading)

## Enable Threat Detection to observe attack attempts

Get alerted on attackers targeting your serverless applications and respond quickly. 

> To get started, first ensure that you have [tracing enabled](https://docs.datadoghq.com/serverless/installation#installation-instructions) for your functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, first ensure that you have [tracing enabled][40] for your functions.
```

Reviewer: This should be a relative link :)
